Update eip-4626.md (#4661)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-4626.md

`function deposit(address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (uint256 _shares)`

> Deposits exactly `_value` tokens into the vault and grants ownership of the corresponsing `_shares` amount to `_to`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deposits exactly `_value` tokens into the vault and grants ownership of the corresponding `_shares` amount to `_to`.
```

## Rationale

> The vault interface is designed to be optimized for integrators witha feature complete yet minimal inteface. Details such as accounting and allocation of deposited tokens are intentionally not specified, as vaults are expected to be treated as black boxes on-chain and inspected off-chain before use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The vault interface is designed to be optimized for integrators with a feature complete yet minimal interface. Details such as accounting and allocation of deposited tokens are intentionally not specified, as vaults are expected to be treated as black boxes on-chain and inspected off-chain before use.
```
